WRSPM Models-
WRSPM Models for Elevator- 
W- When a person would like to change floors they will call an elevator and wait for one to arrive.
If an elevator is full the person/people that called the elevator will not enter and instead call another elevator after the full elevator leaves.
R- Group of elevators for a building with 100 floors. Trying to figure out how to send people to their floors in the least amount of trips.
S- When a person would like to call an elevator there will be an up button or down button depending on where their desired floor is. When the elevator is called the nearest elevator that is going in the direction will stop at the floor it is called at. The person/people will then enter the elevator and then set their destination. The elevator will then stop at any floors that have elevators called and are going in the same direction to pick up more people.
P- Java on Intellij
M- Reciever to get inputs for elevator calls.
Sensor to display which floor the elevator is at.
Elevator shaft
Elevator

WRSPM Model for Vending Machine
W- When a customer would like to buy something from the machine, they will enter the required amount of money and enter the symbol for the item and the software will keep track of each transaction.
R- Will display the highest-selling and the worst-selling vending machine items from a group of vending machines at the end of the month.
S- When a person would like to buy an item from the vending machine after the transaction is complete the software will increase the count for the selected item. The software will continue to keep track of the counts for each item and will display the counts and the amount of money profited from the 5 highest-selling and worst-selling items.
P- Java on Intellij
M- Vending Machine.
A machine that keeps track of the count of each item.

WRSPM Model for Movie Recommendation System.
W- The user will select several genres or themes that they would like to see.
R- Movie recommendation system that shows a list of movies based on the genre or themes you would like to see.
S- The user will select several genres or themes that they would like to see. The system will then go through the catalog of movies and gather 10 movies with the strongest similarity for the type of movie they're looking for.
P- Java on Intellij
M- 
